Updating description fields (#6852)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/jinja-macros.md

---
title: "Jinja and macros"

> description: "Learn how to use jinja and macros when building in dbt."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Use Jinja and macros when developing in dbt to create reusable assets."
```

> description: "Use Jinja and macros when developing in dbt to create reusable assets."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Enhance your SQL with Jinja and macros when developing in dbt to create reusable, modular logic."
```
